# "Self-made Organizer" is an application to create plans for family members.


## Instruction to execute the project

Before start working with application prepare virtual environment:
* Download application's files:
  - `git clone <repository_name>`;
* Open PyCharm or another IDE;
* Install:
  - django 3.10.0 or newer,
  - psycopg2-binary (newest: 2.9.3),
  - pytest,
  - pytest-django;

* Create database and configure **local_setting.py** file:
```python
DATABASES = {
    'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2',
        'NAME': '<database_name>',
        'HOST': 'localhost',
        'PASSWORD': '<password>',
        'USER': '<username>',
        'PORT': 5432
    }
}
```

* Make migrations:
  - `python manage.py makemigrations`
  - `python manage.py migrate`
* Run server:
  - `python manage.py runserver`


## Application structure:

### Landing Page
General information about application.

### Sign in
Page for sign in a new user.

### Log in
Page for log in user.

### Create family
Page for create a new family and generate a code of that family for joining.

### Join family
Page for join to family by using an individual code, generated by back-en side.

### Create category
Page for create a category of activities.

### Create activity
Page for create an activity, connected to category.

### Create plan
Page for create a plan for logged user, connected with chosen activity.

### Create event
Page for create an event - activities for more than one user, where every family member can participate.

### Join event
Page for join user to chosen event.



## In the future
- create a special user in every family, who will be an administrator of family and who can modify and delete plans for every family member. 
- change a visualisation of planned activities - show them as calendar with colored initials to show, which days have some planned activities.
- change a Family model and relation with UserInf for change to Many to Many relation.
- change logic of family to group, where it could be used to companies, study groups etc.
